Miss Ye's monthly pocket money is rich
If you are really a lady
This 5 million bracelet shouldn't be too big for you
Miss, this is a man
Of course!
You think we are dreaming
Fortunately, it is worth your lipstick to write.
Do you want to use it, credit card or cash?
I forgot my card when I went out today, just my style
This is not a commissary
Our store is enterprising and social
Please settle on the spot
Who are you scaring?
Let alone 500
As long as we MOMO make a phone call
Even 50 billion will be delivered
Yes? Yes?
It also takes time for the housekeeper to deliver money, right?
Don't stay here with him
Let's go to the restaurant first
And we planned it together
Son let's go
Hold you
you
I said I can only overdraw my credit card first
5 million I've never seen so much money in my life
Do not smoke
You wait for me.
What are you doing?
My mom and Qiuyan are still outside the door
I can't leave you for a second now
When did you break up?
My dad already knows about us
What if you upset the elderly?
Ye Zhou admitted that I married her like this
As long as you marry me
Then there is no problem.
Just turn around and throw the ball